Alston Herald, and East Cumberland Advertiser.
Bargoed Journal.
Barnsley Telephone.
Beverley and East Riding Telegraph.
Blackpool Herald and Fylde Advertiser.
Blandford Weekly News.
Blandford, Wimborne and Poole Telegram.
Bridgend & Neath Chronicle, and County of Glamorgan Advertiser.
Bridgend Chronicle, Cowbridge, Llantrisant, and Maesteg Advertiser.
Bridlington and Quay Gazette.
Bridport, Beaminster, and Lyme Regis Telegram and Dorset, Somerset, and Devon Advertiser.
Brighouse & Rastrick Gazette.
Brighouse Gazette and Local Railway Guide.
British Miner and General Newsman :
Cradley Heath & Stourbridge Observer.
Darlington & Richmond Herald.
Denton & Haughton Weekly News, and Audenshaw, Hooley Hill, and Dukinfield Advertiser.
Denton Examiner, Audenshaw, Hooley Hill and Dukinfield Advertiser.
Denton and Haughton Examiner, etc.
Glasgow Courier.
Halifax Local Opinion.
Irvine Express and North Ayrshire Post.
Irvine Express.
Lancaster Standard and County Advertiser.
Liverpool Weekly Courier.
Middlesbro' & Stockton Gazette and General Advertiser.
Middlesbrough & Stockton Gazette and General Advertiser.
Nantwich, Sandbach & Crewe Star
Nelson Chronicle, Colne Observer, and Clitheroe Division News.
New Tredegar, Bargoed & Caerphilly Journal.
Northern Weekly Gazette.
Penistone, Stocksbridge and Hoyland Express, etc.
Penistone, Stocksbridge, Hoyland & Chapeltown Express, etc.
Penistone, Stocksbridge, Hoyland and Ecclesfield & Chapeltown Express.
Runcorn Examiner.
Runcorn and Widnes Examiner.
Stalybridge Examiner, and Ashton, Dukinfield and Mossley Advertiser.
Stockton Gazette and Middlesbrough Times.
Stockton Herald, South Durham and Cleveland Advertiser.
Stretford and Urmston Examiner.
Swansea Journal and South Wales Liberal.
Swansea and Glamorgan Herald, and South Wales Free Press.
The Atherstone Times.
The Atherstone, Nuneaton, and Warwickshire Times.
The Barrow Herald and Furness Advertiser.
The Bee-Hive :
The Bee-Hive.
The Birkenhead News and Wirral General Advertiser.
The Blackpool Herald.
The Blandford and Wimbourne Telegram.
The Cannock Chase Examiner.
The Central Glamorgan Gazette, and General, Commercial, and Agricultural Advertiser.
The Commonwealth.
The Cotton Factory Times.
The Darlington & Stockton Telegraph, Richmond Herald, South Durham and North York Review.
The Denton, Haughton, & District Weekly News.
The Dewsbury Chronicle, and West Riding Advertiser.
The Dorset County Express and Agricultural Gazette.
The East Riding Telegraph.
The Forest of Dean Examiner :
The Glasgow Chronicle.
The Halifax Comet.
The Haslingden Gazette.
The Herald of Wales and Monmouthshire Recorder.
The Herald of Wales.
The Industrial Review, Social and Political.
The Kenilworth Advertiser.
The Lancaster Herald, and Town and County Advertiser.
The Manchester Examiner.
The Middlesbrough Gazette and General Advertiser.
The Midland Examiner and Times.
The Midland Examiner and Wolverhampton Times.
The Miner and Workman's Advocate.
The Miner.
The North Cumberland Reformer.
The North-Eastern Weekly Gazette.
The Northern Guardian.
The Northern News.
The Nuneaton Times.
The Observer, Cradley Heath, Halesowen & District Chronicle.
The Penny Bee-Hive.
The Pontypridd District Herald and Rhondda Valley, Llantrisant, Caerphilly, and Mountain Ash News.
The Poole Telegram.
The Potteries Examiner :
The Ripon Observer.
The Shropshire Examiner and all round the Wrekin advertiser.
The Slaithwaite Guardian and Colne Valley News.
The South Staffordshire Examiner.
The St. Helens Examiner, and Prescot Weekly News.
The Staffordshire and Potteries Examiner.
The Stockton & Thornaby Herald and South Durham Advertiser.
The Stockton Examiner, and South Durham and North Yorkshire Herald.
The Stourbridge Observer, Cradley Heath, Halesowen & District Chronicle.
The Tamworth Examiner and Working Men's Journal.
The Tamworth Miners' Examiner and Working Men's Journal.
The Telegram.
The Warrington & Mid-Cheshire Examiner.
The Warrington Examiner.
The Warwickshire Herald.
The Weekly Gazette for Middlesbrough, Stockton, Hartlepool and Cleveland District.
The Weekly Journal.
The Weymouth, Portland and Dorchester Telegram.
The Wolverhampton Times and Bilston, Willenhall, Wednesfield, and Sedgley Journal.
The Wolverhampton and Midland Counties Advertiser.
The Workman's Advocate.
Weekly News.
Widnes Examiner.